some people seem to age better or at
least show that age later than others
today in part three of her series new
and improved barber tells us who and why
some people seem less prone to lines and
wrinkles Barbara well you know doctors
say it has a lot to do with skin color
and a natural protection from the Sun
that's one reason fewer African
Americans and other people of color have
turned to plastic surgery in the past
but those numbers are changing as
statistics show Hispanics Asians and
blacks now make up 20% of plastic
surgery patients those patients seeking
to be new and improved I've been working
out religiously for it's been about
three years but in the abdominal area it
just hasn't you know affected that area
very much the other areas I can see
toning up Monica at 40 has a problem
many women and men complain about but
I've just got this like two tires around
the middle that just aren't going
anywhere they're just hanging there it's
just gelatinous fat she started looking
for answers I've gotten a lot of
information from the internet or his
research library and gotten some books
her research led her to look for a
plastic and reconstructive surgeon to
learn about tummy tucks and liposuction
what you're talking about is a full
abdominoplasty that's where we actually
make incisions in the lower abdominal
area actually go down to the abdominal
wall and place sutures in there that
bring it together and flatten it out
have you had anything to eat or drink
today
since 8 p.m. last night Monica is among
a growing number of african-americans
taking advantage of new plastic surgery
techniques it's the majority of patients
that if' will come in for cosmetic
plastic surgery or white however we have
noticed a significant increase in number
of blacks wax they're coming in for
cosmetic plastic surgery the types of
procedures that african-americans will
come to me about procedures that
generally have to do with the body shape
and body image a lot of patients come in
for breast augmentation breast reduction
liposuction tummy tucks or abdominal
classes as we call them doctors note
that facial lines and wrinkles tend to
appear later in people of color people
do age differently we've noticed over
time that whites in general will tend to
show their age more than blacks and
generally when we look at agents as well
as Native Americans 18 once again to
show their aging less rapidly than
Caucasians we know that it has something
to do with the skin we know that the
melanin the skin tends to retard a sun
exposure we know sun exposure is a big
variant as far as wrinkling our aging
indie face signs of aging in the body
like that spare tire around the middle
that Monica complained of can be changed
with plastic surgery as you can see from
these after pictures techniques so much
better I think we get a much better
result we can position it better and
give you a much better outlook than say
10 or 20 years ago is that most patients
we have the abdominoplasty done the full
abdominoplasty they will normally be out
of work for about seven to ten days
depending upon the type of job that they
may have and the cost
you're looking at a ballpark figure of
around $5,500 and then there's an
additional cost for liposuction
basically one or two thousand very area
buddy so how do you feel now I
wonderful this is something that you
would never see me marry an actual
blouse tucked inside of pants with a
belt on the outside
we've never seen before I feel great
just wonderful I would do it all over
again if I had to incidentally Monica
last week had more liposuction around
the mid-drift and hip area and says she
feels that she looks even better than in
the picture we just saw there are 5,000
board certified plastic surgeons across
the u.s. but only about 50 of them are
african-american dr. Dawson who we just
spoke with says that may be a reason
many african-americans have not sought
to have plastic surgery performed he
says he expects the numbers of both
patients and doctors to continue to grow
as the baby boomer population rules CPH
to want to do that so we're talking
between five and ten thousand dollars
really there depending on how much
liposuction you add to it he says about
$1,000 per area for a liposuction so but
$5,500 he said for abdominal plastic
which is actually the tummy tuck tummy
tuck interesting it is interesting and
then she certainly says she feels a lot
better than she did before and certainly
looks very well 6:22 is our time right
now